3dflippo:Transform
addition_alpha:Art
addition:Art
alpha0ps:Art
alphaatop:Art
alphagrad:Art
alphain:Art
alphainjection:Art
alphaout:Art
alphaover:Art
alphaspot:Art
alphaxor:Art
B:Black & White
balanc0r:Art
baltan:Effect 2
bgsubtract0r:Effect 2
blend:Art
bluescreen0r:Effect 2
brightness:Color Adjustment
burn:Art
bw0r:Black & White
c0rners:Distortion
cairoaffineblend:Art
cairoblend:Art
cairogradient:Effect 2
cairoimagegrid:Effect 2
cartoon:Art
cluster:Art
colgate:Art
color_only:Art
coloradj_RGB:Color Adjustment
colordistance:Black & White
colorhalftone:Effect 2
colorize:Color Adjustment
colortap:Art
composition:Art
contrast0r:Color Adjustment
curves:Color Adjustment
d90stairsteppingfix:Art
darken:Art
defish0r:Distortion
delay0r:Effect 2
delaygrab:Effect 2
difference:Art
distort0r:Distortion
dither:Art
divide:Art
dodge:Art
edgeglow:Effect 2
emboss:Material
equaliz0r:Art
flippo:Distortion
G:Black & White
gamma:Color Adjustment
glitch0r:Effect 2
glow:Effect 2
grain_extract:Art
grain_merge:Art
hardlight:Art
hqdn3d:Effect 2
hue:Color Adjustment
hueshift0r:Color Adjustment
IIRblur:Blur
invert0r:Effect
ising0r:Art
keyspillm0pup:Color Extraction
lenscorrection:Distortion
letterb0xed:Crop
levels:Color Adjustment
lighten:Art
lightgraffiti:Effect 2
lissajous0r:Art
luminance:Black & White
mask0mate:Effect 2
medians:Color Extraction
multiply:Art
ndvi:Black & White
nervous:Effect 2
nois0r:Effect 2
normaliz0r:Color Adjustment
nosync0r:Effect 2
onecol0r:Art
overlay:Art
partik0l:Art
perspective:Transform
pixeliz0r:Art
plasma:Art
posterize:Color Extraction
pr0be:Effect 2
pr0file:Effect 2
premultiply:Effect 2
primaries:Art
R:Black & White
RGB:Art
rgbnoise:Effect 2
rgbsplit0r:Effect 2
saturat0r:Color Adjustment
saturation:Color Adjustment
scanline0r:Effect 2
screen:Art
select0r:Effect 2
sharpness:Effect
sigmoidaltransfer:Black & White
sobel:Art
softglow:Effect
softlight:Art
sopsat:Color Adjustment
spillsupress:Color Adjustment
squareblur:Blur
subtract:Art
tehroxx0r:Effect 2
test_pat_B:Art
test_pat_C:Art
test_pat_G:Art
test_pat_I:Art
test_pat_L:Art
test_pat_R:Art
three_point_balance:Color Adjustment
threelay0r:Black & White
threshold0r:Effect 2
timeout:Effect 2
tint0r:Color Adjustment
transparency:Effect 2
twolay0r:Black & White
uvmap:Art
value:Art
vertigo:Effect 2
vignette:Effect 2
xfade0r:Art